# Past Career Experience
1. I have had work at Big Y Whole foods as a service clerk, which has helped me get experience with working with customers and consumers, the job has helped me learn the basics of how corporate jobs are and taught me to make sure safety is always a priority as sanitary standards are important to a large grocery store chain. 
2. I have worked at New England Six Flags in the past as a ride operater, so working with machinary is not new and the same goes for controlling safety requirements as riders can be at risk if safety protocals are not taken seriously. I also have experience working with other co-workers as not every ride at Six Flags can be done individually. Often there must be clear communication between co-workers and all staff to make sure all rides are clear to go.

# Additional Connections and Experiences
1. In high school, I ran a club called the EHS Gaming Club as the Club Leader. I structured the club so there could be as many students at EHS (Ellington High School) could have a chance to play a few games of whatever game we had that day. I also made sure to keep all of the finances set as often we did have pizza parties, which were often paid for by the entry fees it costed to enter the tournaments that we had each year. Marketing each tournament was also done to help increase the number of participants and to increase the total revenue of the club. 
2. While at the University of Connecticut, I have been on the E-Board for the Casual Sports Club as an equipment manager, which has helped me work toward becoming a better and more efficient leader due to me always needing to make sure that there were always sports equipment (basketballs, volleyballs, etc.) available when everyone was playing. 
